DEVX-1645:  Naming stateful operations (#314)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/naming-changelog-repartition-topics/kstreams/markup/dev/run-consumer-names-with-filter.adoc

////
  This is a sample content file for how to include a console consumer to the tutorial, probably a good idea so the end user can watch the results
  of the tutorial.  Change the text as needed.

////

> Now stop the console-prodcer (if you haven't already) and start a console-consumer (for the last time I promise!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, start a console-consumer.
```

+++++
<pre class="snippet"><code class="shell">{% include_raw tutorials/naming-changelog-repartition-topics/kstreams/code/tutorial-steps/dev/console-consumer.sh %}</code></pre>
+++++

You should see the following output:

+++++
<pre class="snippet"><code class="shell">{% include_raw tutorials/naming-changelog-repartition-topics/kstreams/code/tutorial-steps/dev/expected-output-names-with-filter.txt %}</code></pre>
+++++

> Looking at the last three records you see `2-4, 2-5, 2-6`.  This output is correct as you produced six records with the same key, so the final count is accurate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last three records, `2-4, 2-5, 2-6`, show the correct output, as you produced six records with the same key.
```

> You have updated your topology and re-used the existing state stores and internal topics!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have updated your topology and reused the existing state stores and internal topics!
```

> . Always name sateful operators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Always name stateful operators
```

> . If you haven't named your stateful operators and you need to update your toplogy, use the `https://docs.confluent.io/current/streams/developer-guide/app-reset-tool.html[Application Reset Tool]` to reprocess records (tutorial coming soon!).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you haven't named your stateful operators and you need to update your topology, use the `https://docs.confluent.io/current/streams/developer-guide/app-reset-tool.html[Application Reset Tool]` to reprocess records.
```

> 

Reviewer: Does it make sense to put these two points under the conclusion header, too?

Author: yes will do

++++
<br/> <br/>
<h4 class="subtitle">

>   <div class="text">Conclusion - Some points to remember</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <div class="text">Some points to remember</div>
```

</h4>
++++

- **Aggregation repartition topics (if needed)**
   . Use the `Grouped.as()` method
   . Use `Grouped` to provide repartition `Serdes` as well if required
   . Kafka Streams appends the text `-repartition` to the provided name
   . If no name is provided, the state store name is used with `-repartition` appended

- **Joins**
   . Use the `StreamJoined` configuration object
   . `StreamJoined.name()` names the join processors and provides the base-name of the repartition topic (if needed)

>    . `StreamJoined.withStoreName()` used to name the state stores associated with the join.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   . `StreamJoined.withStoreName()` is used to name the state stores associated with the join.
```
